my goodness
[Laughs]
well don't worry here's
another one that's going to appear
not all of them appear In fact Well I don't know if
that was the most viewed there are more No it's not that one it
's the most viewed so far
I suppose that the Rocío Carrasco stage
has clearly annoyed us we will overcome it We will
overcome it
well it's that we're going to start from the
beginning because this has a beginning
that is not in itself the first
stories of Mars insinuating this of
Antonio David And telling done Antonio
Ville okay the suitcase the beginning in the
suitcase I mean it all starts with Marta
uploading some Instagram stories and
people realize that
Antonio David's suitcase is here Okay and not
only do they realize that
Antonio David's suitcase is here
tell me what it is that it's not that people
realize it's that Marta puts the suitcase on
purpose let's see please no I know
that you adore her But we're stupid no I
mean we know how until we
're already here Marina says what we're going
Hello please I
mean do you think she puts it on purpose I mean me let's
see I can be here in my house she
goes  here at the door of my house by
the suitcase it
's a backpack or something we're here or
if I'm doing an
Instagram story especially In fact it's
happened to me a thousand times of these videos that I
record with my phone that I have to delete
because you can see a frame with a photo of the
child or whatever then of course the
suitcase is put there on purpose
if it's noticeable that you are it's not to
generalize women I think
we're a little more twisted but
we usually get it right Eh yes yes yes I think
it's made totally put apart when you
put the phone when you put the phone
and you see the shot
as it is clear of course it would
look a little strange not with what
Marta is for her stories so such so I do
n't know I think eh Maybe Camila
chuza put it there I don't know but no no no no no no no
Marta Marta Marta I
would leave Camila chusa eh me Camila chuza I trust
her
and I'm sure Camila chuza is
supporting her now Camila chuza Yes what
happens is that I haven't seen her say
anything anywhere again I don't know or rather she puts a
suitcase what happens is that she erases
she puts on the filters and she erases the
drawings on the suitcase of course with the
eraser inks Of course of course it's the
same it's the typical Louis Vuitton And
that I'm slow for these things
but it's a classic
Yes yes it does a lot of people it has a lot of
wealthy people Yes of course
Okay so that's where the movement begins
when all the media begins to
mention this issue Hey will it be possible
because they also say that here in the
reflection you can see a man who could
be Antonio David Okay when all
the media begins to speculate Marta already
jumps with the bomb
this subject and takes out these two
Instagram stories at you Dry I hope that the people
who go around saying that there is no return
publicly
referring to Antonio David
obviously a
real return would stop trying to get
back with me when you are rebuilding
your life and when you are trying to
fix the Tsunami that he has created in you
and in your environment, I mean here she is already
telling you that Antonio is trying to
get back with her and that she is
rebuilding her life But what does she mean
by scrap in her life after him alone with
someone I
think alone no I no  I see Yes yes I mean
in this sense as is eh No and I'm
going to explain later why because I
argue later that it's long but I think
people are going to understand I could be
wrong I could be wrong but come on
loving and wanting someone is not crying
asking for new opportunities loving and
wanting someone is letting them go on their
way when they know that you have hurt them
forever or rather here she is
telling us that Antonio David would have
tried to get back with her but no
Anyway but he has been
begging and crying
telling you I love you and crying
it's clear let's see I see something
very clear here what happens is that of course
you know what happens as we only have
this from Marta's part and
evidently we do not have nor are we going to
have an iota of
anything We are not going to have any
information neither directly nor directly
from Antonio David for Marta we
only have Marta's version and
not even the version as such but this that
here evidently makes it clear
that it bothers her that publicly
he says one thing and then privately he does
another I according to what Marta paints
that I do not know if it is true or not and it
is not clear it leaves us with the thing of the
opinion  Without having both versions,
obviously, if I had to go
by what Marta says, I have a
very clear opinion
that I don't want to risk
completely because the profile that Marta paints, I
know it by heart, so yes. Or do you think that did
n't happen? Yes, I do believe that Marta
did happen.
Here,
another thing is that she's making it up, so what's
wrong here
[Music]
is that this topic is right up my alley, it
hits close to home for me. Let's see, it's
wrong that it's long, it's wrong that she
drags it out like that. I think that
things can be done in many ways,
I understand that people, and look, I've
been the first to criticize things about
Marta like crazy, but precisely in this matter, I
would love to know if what she
says is true because if it were true.
How should I say it?
If it were true and I knew it, I would empathize
a lot with her. Why? Because I understand, I would understand.
I speak unconditionally because
I don't know if this is the case, but in a
situation like this and the profile that
Marta is painting, on the one hand, I think she
shouldn't do it. Remember, Javi, here
we said that she was going to do it.  Remember
what I said is where is that clip? What did I
say? No, no. But I knew if in a week,
in two, in a month, in two, but I told you
Marta, soon or not, in a long time, she's going to
sing La Traviata and it's going to be with pink notes
and it's already started and we can't
look for that clip for me please. I don't know if
Paola Calvo is here, I don't know if
Russell, can you look for the clip for me
please? It's specifically around here in a
tweet from Paola or something, the Clean specifically
where we
were talking about This is
going to sing, she's going to sing La Traviata and I
told you, but a feminist song, yes,
totally, look here, now to understand some
small brushstrokes that I think that
people who have experienced it can differentiate here
as a person from Antonio David, already
with slightly narcissistic traits in the
sense of publicly boys. I don't want to
talk about this subject, but there's no going back, I
say it very confidently. There's no going
back. I apparently have
control of the situation. I have
control. Yes, I have control, but
let you all know that from behind he comes
Crying, he comes begging me and it's no longer out of
mere love because people do.
She includes him in what is a
narcissistic person, it is because obviously
narcissistic people, in and of themselves, I speak of
people who need it, I am not
referring to Antonio David because I am not
going to judge, I am not, I want to tell you, we are not
here
either, that is it, but really when
they have that attitude of returning to
the love bombing, to reconquer, it
is not exactly out of love but to
recover their victims to
take a little from them again, I am Well, I
understand that it is from the
manual to cry again, to try
until you stop, until you stop, to employ
all possible tactics and again and
again, so let's see if this is
true. I understand that Marta, if she
has had such a bad time sentimentally with
respect to Antonio, if it is true that she has had such a
bad time sentimentally with respect to
Antonio David and if that famous last
episode has caused Marta a
psychological and emotional
hurricane as she says, I
understand that when a person, you leave
a relationship and begin to rebuild your
life, I understand that if you have used what is
called in the book, this one that
Marta has taught, the good one is called  of
still the zero contact or the
gray stone for whatever reason you use it and
obviously that person comes
and comes and shakes up all your schemes
and tries to win you back. I
understand that for Marta
psychologically I repeat in the case that
this is as she is telling you it
supposes
taritas. I understand that if it is like that
I would love for this to be a reality show, we
could see everything and we could
comment on it, not what we are seeing.